 
 
 

You can use Amazon CloudWatch Evidently to safely validate new features by serving them to a specified percentage of your users while you roll out the feature. You can monitor the performance of the new feature to help you decide when to ramp up traffic to your users. This helps you reduce risk and identify unintended consequences before you fully launch the feature.

You can also conduct A/B experiments to make feature design decisions based on evidence and data. An experiment can test as many as five variations at once. Evidently collects experiment data and analyzes it using statistical methods. It also provides clear recommendations about which variations perform better. You can test both user-facing features and backend features.

Crate Organization
The entry point for most customers will be Client. Client exposes one method for each API offered by the service.

Some APIs require complex or nested arguments. These exist in model.

Lastly, errors that can be returned by the service are contained within error. Error defines a meta error encompassing all possible errors that can be returned by the service.

The other modules within this crate are not required for normal usage.

Re-exports
pub use config::Config;
pub use client::Client;
Modules
client
Client and fluent builders for calling the service.
config
Configuration for the service.
error
Errors that can occur when calling the service.
input
Input structures for operations.
middleware
Base Middleware Stack
model
Data structures used by operation inputs/outputs.
operation
All operations that this crate can perform.
output
Output structures for operations.
Structs
AppName
App name that can be configured with an AWS SDK client to become part of the user agent string.
Blob
Binary Blob Type
ByteStream
Stream of binary data
Credentials
AWS SDK Credentials
DateTime
DateTime in time.
Endpoint
API Endpoint
Region
The region to send requests to.
RetryConfig
Retry configuration for requests.
Enums
Error
All possible error types for this service.
SdkError
Failed SDK Result
Statics
PKG_VERSION
Crate version number.
